Add redeployment documentation (#390)
canonical/indico-operator: docs/how-to/redeploy.md

# How to redeploy Indico

This guide provides the necessary steps for migrating an existing Indico instance to a new charm instance.

## Migrate the database

Follow the instructions in [the charm migration documentation](https://charmhub.io/postgresql-k8s/docs/h-migrate-cluster-via-restore) to migrate the content of the Indico PostgreSQL database.

## Migrate files stored in S3

If your media files are stored in an S3 bucket, you have two options:

> 1. Provide the new Indico charm instance with the same credentials and connection information for the object storage.This allows the new instance to automatically access the existing files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide the new Indico charm instance with the same credentials and connection information for the object storage. This allows the new instance to automatically access the existing files.
```

2. Use tools like [rclone](https://rclone.org) to copy files from the old
   storage bucket to a new bucket for the new deployment.

> If the files are not stored in S3, they are not expected to persist across unit restarts or to be available in multiple units. However, it is still possible to copy them to the new charm instance using [juju scp](https://juju.is/docs/juju/juju-scp).

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if the path to the default media storage would help guide the users what to scp :)

Author: I left it out as it is actually dependant on Indico and we really want the users to use S3 since we don't guarantee the files to be persisted otherwise

> 

Reviewer 2: Really minor: I think this is an extra line that is not quite needed :D

> If the files are not stored in S3, they are not expected to persist across unit restartars or to be available in multiple units. However, it is still possible to copy them from to the new charm instance using [juju scp](https://juju.is/docs/juju/juju-scp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the files are not stored in S3, they are not expected to persist across unit restarts or to be available in multiple units. However, it is still possible to copy them to the new charm instance using [juju scp](https://juju.is/docs/juju/juju-scp).
```

Reviewer: Is the latest change intentional?

Author: A bad rebase. Thanks!
